README.md, before:

# Data_Hazards_workshop_COMBINE

## Welcome!
Hello, and welcome to the materials I used to give a workshop on Data Hazards. 
Please find more information on Data Hazards [here](https://github.com/Susana465/Data_Hazards_workshop_COMBINE).

Or if you're not too comfortable with github, have a browse at the [website](https://datahazards.com) for more info.

## Data Hazards workshop material, given at the COMBINE conference 2022.

- See the timeline here [`timeframes.md`](timeframes.md)
- See the rough scritp for the presentation here [`presentation_scritp_draft.md`](presentation_scritp_draft.md)
- See the slides and edit using google docs [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OvVyGjqNVzxN0DznCxk9HeJF6e1aZeJ6sDcIuUvm0b8/edit#slide=id.g118dc3aa1dc_0_88)

These slides have been taken and modified from the [Data Hazards Website](https://datahazards.com/contents/materials/workshop/setup.html)

## How to contribute?

Please feel free to re-use the material I provide here and credit myself as well as the Data Hazards group for creating the original template and materials.

Feel free to contact me (sromangarcia@turing.ac.uk) if you would like to discuss anything else about this topic.

Commit message:

updated for der symposium materials

README.md, after:

# Data_Hazards_workshops

## Welcome!
Hello, and welcome to the materials I use to give workshops on Data Hazards. 
This is where I will be adding the materials I use for various workshops I run. They all follow pretty much the same patter but have slightly different tweaks depending on whether they are run as a hybrid, online or in-person.

Please find more information on Data Hazards [here](https://github.com/Susana465/Data_Hazards_workshop_COMBINE).

Or if you're not too comfortable with github, have a browse at the [website](https://datahazards.com) for more info.

## (Hybrid) [DER symposium 2023](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/in-person-data-hazards-ethics-and-reproducibility-one-day-symposium-tickets-516803953537).

- timeline here [`timeframes.md`](timeframes.md)
- rough script for the presentation here [`presentation_scritp_draft.md`](presentation_scritp_draft.md)
- **slides** and edit using google docs [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/150mgFuJxmEG4mQnDY2mRo5HvwebkRtdTvng5srCLHxg/edit?usp=sharing)

## (In person) [COMBINE conference 2022](https://co.mbine.org/events/).

- timeline here [`timeframes.md`](timeframes.md)
- script for the presentation here [`presentation_scritp_draft.md`](presentation_scritp_draft.md)
- **slides** and edit using google docs [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OvVyGjqNVzxN0DznCxk9HeJF6e1aZeJ6sDcIuUvm0b8/edit#slide=id.g118dc3aa1dc_0_88)

These slides have been taken and modified from the [Data Hazards Website](https://datahazards.com/contents/materials/workshop/setup.html)

## How to contribute?

Please feel free to re-use the material I provide here and credit myself as well as the Data Hazards group for creating the original template and materials.

Feel free to contact me (sromangarcia@turing.ac.uk) if you would like to discuss anything else about this topic.
